CS22120 Project: Group 10

Meeting: Weekly project meeting - Tutorial 7

Persons present:

Shipman, Richard    rcs 
Duda, Piotr pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Lugg, Joshua	jol66
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Zitoun, Ahmed	ahz1
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar	tak17
Palma Arroyo, Juan Manuel	jmp16

Absent:
Clive, Alexander	alc72

Apologies:
Clive, Alexander	alc72 -  doctor appointment

Date and Place of meeting: 11th Mar 2021 discord

Circulation list: All group members, plus project manager
Author: Piotr Duda
Date of minutes: 11th Mar 2021
Version: 1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Isaac and Juan will work on design spec and start writing down the class diagram.
ACTION: isl7, jmp16
STATUS: Ongoing

2. Alex and Ahmed will work on designing xml related classes (on the shared UML diagram).
ACTION: alc7, ahz1
STATUS: Ongoing

3. Isaac, Josh and Keean will work on app class.
ACTION: isl7, jol66, keg21
STATUS: Ongoing

4. Bartek will raise and close the issues on the Test spec and makes the java skleton.
ACTION: bas22
STATUS: Completed

5. Keean will raise issues and close the issues on the UI spec.
ACTION: keg21
STATUS: Completed

6. Ahmed will update readme file on GitLab.
ACTION: ahz1
STATUS: Completed

New Business
============

7. Isaac will rise issues for test and design spec. Table mapping requirements onto classes
ACTION: isl7

8. Josh will write pseudocode for JavaFX interface.
ACTION: jol66

9. Keean will write out descriptions for exercises.
ACTION: keg21

10. Ahmed and Bartek will make corrections on test spec.
ACTION: ahz1, bas22

11. Piotr will make corrections in the minutes.
ACTION: pid8

12. Design spec meeting 16:00 12 Mar, Research Component Diagrams.
ACTION: Everyone