CS22120 Project: Group 10

Meeting: Weekly project meeting - Tutorial 6

Persons present:

Shipman, Richard    rcs 
Clive, Alexander	alc72
Duda, Piotr pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Lugg, Joshua	jol66
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Zitoun, Ahmed	ahz1
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar	tak17
Palma Arroyo, Juan Manuel	jmp16

Date and Place of meeting: 4th Mar 2021 discord

Circulation list: All group members, plus project manager
Author: Piotr Duda
Date of minutes: 4th Mar 2021
Version: 1.1

Matters arising
===============

1. Test spec review meeting on Friday 26th Feb 3pm (and 3rd Mar just in case).
ACTION: pid8, isl7, bas22, ahz1
STATUS: Completed

2. Isaac, Keean, Juan, Josh, Alex and Tarunsundar will meet to talk about design spec after the group meeting on Tuesday 2nd Mar.
ACTION: isl7, keg21, jmp16, jol66, alc7, tak17
STATUS: Completed

3. Alex and Tarunsundar will re-write exercises with specified intensities and creating a document type definition (DTD).
ACTION: alc7, tak17
STATUS: Ongoing

4. Presentation of Test spec documents.
ACTION: bas22, ahz1
STATUS: Completed
 
5. UI spec feedback overview and changes.
ACTION: keg21
STATUS: Completed

New Business
============

6. Isaac and Juan will work on design spec and start writing down the class diagram.
ACTION: isl7, jmp16

7. Alex and Ahmed will work on designing xml related classes (on the shared UML diagram).
ACTION: alc7, ahz1

8. Isaac, Josh and Keean will work on app class.
ACTION: isl7, jol66, keg21

9. Bartek will raise and close the issues on the Test spec and makes the java skleton.
ACTION: bas22

10. Keean will raise issues and close the issues on the UI spec.
ACTION: keg21

11. Ahmed will update readme file on GitLab.
ACTION: ahz1
 


