CS22120 Project: Group 10

Meeting: Weekly project meeting
Persons present:

Shipman, Richard    rcs 
Clive, Alexander	alc72
Duda, Piotr	pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Lugg, Joshua	jol66
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Zitoun, Ahmed	ahz1
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar	tak17
Palma Arroyo, Juan Manuel	jmp16

Date and Place of meeting: 11th Feb 2021 discord

Circulation list: All group members, plus project manager
Author: Piotr Duda
Date of minutes: 11th Feb 2021
Version: 1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Electing roles in the group.
Project Leader - Isaac
Deputy Project Leader - Alex
QA Manager - Piotr
Deputy QA Manager - Keean
ACTION: Everyone
STATUS: Completed

2. Tarunsundar to set up a blog and put a link to his blog in the discord text channel (point 3.2 of minutes of 28th January). 
ACTION: tak17
STATUS: Completed

3. Keean and Tarunsundar will read SE.QA.04 and start work on material for the user interface document. They will also start putting together some possible screens in Powerpoint. 
ACTION: keg21, tak17
STATUS: Completed

4. Alex, Isaac and Joshua will start looking at the technical issues of the project. Joshua will use JavaFX to make some example screens for the application. Isaac will investigate the use of timers to show a clock counting down. 
Alex will investigate the options for saving Java objects to persistent storage and tell us next week what the choices are.  
ACTION: alc72, isl7, jol66
STATUS: Completed

5. Isaac will work on JavaFX Timers.
ACTION: isl7
STATUS: Completed

6. Ahmed and Bartek will carry on with more testing (FR 7 - FR 10).
ACTION: ahz1, bas22 
STATUS: Completed

7. Piotr and Juan will work on SE.QA7 and SE.QA8 documents.
ACTION: pid8, jmp16
STATUS: Completed

8. Keean will choose and describe exercises.
ACTION: keg21
STATUS: Completed


New Business
============

9. Piotr will set up GitLab repository.
ACTION: pid8

10. Ahmed and Bartek will work on testing requirements.
ACTION: bass22, ahz1

11. Isaac, Josh will work on javafx.
ACTION: isl7, jol66

12. Keean and Tarunsadar will work on UI Spec slides and exercise demonstration.
ACTION: keg21, tak17

13. Keean and Juan will start on desgin spec.
ACTION: keg21, jmp16  

14. Alex with work on filling out XML with exercises.
ACTION: alc72

15. Alex, Isaac and Josh will meet on Sunday 14th Feb at 14:00 and talk about how timers, javafx and data storage will work together.
ACTION: alc72, isl7, jol66