CS22120 Project: Group 10

Meeting: Weekly project meeting - Tutorial 8
Persons present:

Shipman, Richard    rcs 
Clive, Alexander	alc72
Duda, Piotr	pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Lugg, Joshua	jol66
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Zitoun, Ahmed	ahz1
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar	tak17
Palma Arroyo, Juan Manuel	jmp16

Date and Place of meeting: 18th Mar 2021 discord

Circulation list: All group members, plus project manager
Author: Piotr Duda
Date of minutes: 18th Feb 2021
Version: 1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Isaac will rise issues for test and design spec. Table mapping requirements onto classes
ACTION: isl7
STATUS: Completed

2. Josh will write pseudocode for JavaFX interface.
ACTION: jol66
STATUS: Ongoing

3. Keean will write out descriptions for exercises.
ACTION: keg21
STATUS: Ongoing

4. Ahmed and Bartek will make corrections on test spec.
ACTION: ahz1, bas22
STATUS: Completed

5. Piotr will make corrections in the minutes.
ACTION: pid8
STATUS: Completed

6. Design spec meeting 16:00 12 Mar, Research Component Diagrams.
ACTION: Everyone
STATUS: Completed

New Business
============

7. Isaac will mail to Chris for a extra week to finish the design spec.
ACTION: isl7

8. Corrections and additions to make in design spec.
ACTION: Everyone

9. Design spec review meeting - 19.03.21 4pm.
ACTION: Everyone 