CS22120 Project: Group 10

Meeting: UI specification review meeting 
Persons present:

Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Duda, Piotr	pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar tak17

Date and Place of the meeting: 22nd Feb 2021 discord

Circulation list:
Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Duda, Piotr	pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar tak17

Author: Piotr Duda
Date of minutes: 22nd Feb 2021
Version: 1.1

Matters arising
===============

1.1 Reviewing UI spec.
ACTION: isl7, pid8, keg21, bas22, tak17
STATUS: Completed

1.2 Going through APPENDIX A Checklist.
ACTION: isl7, pid8, keg21, bas22, tak17
STATUS: Completed

1.3 Going through APPENDIX B Checklist.
ACTION: isl7, pid8, keg21, bas22, tak17
STATUS: Completed

2.1 Fixing problems - formatting UI Specification document
ACTION: keg21
STATUS: Completed

2.2 Adding contents to Typical User section and Use cases.
ACTION: keg21
STATUS: Completed

New Business
============

3. UI specfication ready to release.
ACTION: pid8 
