CS22120 Project: Group 10

Meeting: Weekly project meeting
Persons present:

Shipman, Richard    rcs 
Clive, Alexander	alc72
Duda, Piotr	pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Lugg, Joshua	jol66
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Zitoun, Ahmed	ahz1
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar	tak17
Palma Arroyo, Juan Manuel	jmp16

Date and Place of meeting: 18th Feb 2021 discord

Circulation list: All group members, plus project manager
Author: Piotr Duda
Date of minutes: 18th Feb 2021
Version: 1.0

Matters arising
===============

1. Piotr will set up GitLab repository.
ACTION: pid8
STATUS: Completed

2. Ahmed and Bartek will work on testing requirements.
ACTION: bas22, ahz1
STATUS: Completed

3. Isaac, Josh and Alex will work on javafx.
ACTION: isl7, jol66, alc72
STATUS: Ongoing

4. Keean and Tarunsadar will work on UI Spec slides and exercise demonstration.
ACTION: keg21, tak17 
STATUS: Completed

5. Keean and Juan will start on desgin spec.
ACTION: keg21, jmp16
STATUS: Completed

6. Alex with work on filling out XML with exercises.
ACTION: alc72
STATUS: Ongoing

7. Alex, Isaac and Josh will meet on Sunday 14th Feb at 14:00 and talk about how timers, javafx and data storage will work together.
ACTION: alc72, isl7, jol66
STATUS: Completed


New Business
============

8. Piotr will complie a list of project deliverables on GitLab
ACTION: pid8

9. Review UI meeting on Friday 19th Feb at 12 o'clock.
ACTION: pid8, isl7, keg21, tak17

10. Uploading files to GitLab repository.
ACTION: EVERYONE

11. Keean and Juan will work on design specification.
ACTION: keg21, jmp16

12. Isaac, Alex, Josh and Juan will meet on Tuesday 23rd Feb at 15 o'clock to fit code and class diagram all together.
ACTION: isl7, alc72, jol66, jmp16



