CS22120 Project: Group 10

Meeting: Weekly project meeting - Tutorial 5

Persons present:

Shipman, Richard    rcs 
Clive, Alexander	alc72
Duda, Piotr	pid8
Griffith, Keean	keg21
Ladds, Isaac	isl7
Lugg, Joshua	jol66
Szpak, Bartosz Tomasz	bas22
Zitoun, Ahmed	ahz1
Kalyanaraman, Tarunsundar	tak17
Palma Arroyo, Juan Manuel	jmp16

Date and Place of meeting: 25th Feb 2021 discord

Circulation list: All group members, plus project manager
Author: Piotr Duda
Date of minutes: 25th Feb 2021
Version: 1.2

Matters arising
===============

1. Piotr will complie a list of project deliverables on GitLab
ACTION: pid8
STATUS: Completed

2. Review UI meeting on Friday 19th Feb at 12 o'clock.
ACTION: pid8, isl7, keg21, tak17
STATUS: Completed

3. Uploading files to GitLab repository.
ACTION: EVERYONE
STATUS: Completed

4.Isaac, Josh, Alex, Tarunsundar, Keean and Juan will work on design specification.
ACTION: isl7, jol66, alc7, tak17, keg21, jmp16
STATUS: Ongoing

5. Isaac, Alex, Josh and Juan will meet on Tuesday 23rd Feb at 15 o'clock to fit code and class diagram all together.
ACTION: isl7, alc72, jol66, jmp16
STATUS: Completed

New Business
============

6. Test spec review meeting on Friday 26th Feb 3pm (and 3rd Mar just in case).
ACTION: pid8, isl7, bas22, ahz1

7. Isaac, Keean, Juan, Josh, Alex and Tarunsundar will meet to talk about design spec after the group meeting on Tuesday 2nd Mar.
ACTION: isl7, keg21, jmp16, jol66, alc7, tak17

8. Alex and Tarunsundar will re-write exercises with specified intensities and creating a document type definition (DTD).
ACTION: alc7, tak17



